Wednesday, November 20, 2024:  Today I continued readings on Binary trees, Depth first & breadth first searches, 
aswell as pre-, in-, & post- order traversals.
All in all it seems to be pretty interesting although, I will need to revisit enqueing/ dequeing and stacks.
With a practice problem right around the corner, I am excited to attempt them on time! 

Thursday, November 21, 2024: Sorting review! To be honest, work has left me a little drained, so i did some reading 
and watched a couple instructional videos to keep up with class. lecture was insightful as always.

Friday, November 22, 2024: Work yet again has left me in dire need of respite, the coding practice for sorting looks
like a great opportunity for review, lecture was good, i am famished. will pick this up again tomorrow.

Saturday 11/23/24- It's a beautiful saturday here in Miami, FL and after a nice breakfast followed by a bike ride, 
i sit down at my computer to pick up where i left off on sorting practce. 
So far "out of place" insertion was indeed a breeze (as expected,) 
And "in place" insertion, although just slightly more advanced, 
was simple enough after i got my brain greased up. 
Although I may have some questions regarding the 'divider' and 'temp' variables 
that the material had us set up. Now on to the next...


December, 5, 2024: Getting caught up with graphs, and problem #2 of the practice assessment.

Saturday, 12/07/24: Assessment Done. While it was a slow start, the stars aligned and I was able to spend the day coding and
managed to ace the quiz after a couple attempts, and scored 11/15 points on the coding portion. 

Sunday 12/08/24: greenlit to Graduation assignments have been completed and link uploaded to learner home.

Weekend of 12/13 through 12/15: Was able to catchup on some HTML materials, covered basic HTML layout, headers, sub headings, paragraphs, and lists (ordered and unordered.
even dug into making tables and forms.

monday, 12/16: (pre lecture) was able to clarify some of the CSS stuff we covered in lectures from the end of last week. still kinda catching up, but i'm feeling good!

